README.md, before:

## Packages used in this template

- nextJS (v11)
- styled-components-babelrc
- firebase
- draft-js (For rich text editor)
- draft-convert (For rich text editor
- express
- chakra UI
- momentJS
- react-device-detect
- react-day-picker
- react-icons
- react-share
- react-select
- swiper (carousel)
- react-responsive-carousel
- next-images
- next-SEO
- Google Analytics at \_document.js
- file-loader url-loader --> To handle mp3 files
- next-compose-plugins --> for multiple plugins in next.config.js

## To maintain styling of useStyles during page refresh

- Need styled-components-babelrc
- add \_document.js into Pages

## Changes to Template

- Reduce margin between sections
- Upgrade to NextJS v11
- Updated next.config.js
- Added npm i react-input-autosize
- Added npm i react-to-print
- Added stripeJS
- ADded npm i --save @iconscout/react-unicons

## PENDING

- [ ] Optimization
  - [ ] Save activities in LocalStorage with Timestamp
    - [ ] Check if timestamp is within 24 hours. If >24 hours, get new data
  - [ ] Use Next/Image to load SVGs
  - [ ] Use AspectRatio to optimize picture sizing
- [ ] ActivityCard
  - [ ] Simplify based on Meetup cards for mobile
  - [ ] Show tags
- [ ] Recent activity images
- [ ] Nice to have
  - [ ] Reviews
  - [ ] Request date and private class
  - [ ] Get users interested topics
    - [ ] Reconsider usage of react-select (multi select is important)
- [ ] Signup
  - [ ] Signup is disabled at InterestForm
- [ ] Reviews

## TO DO

- [ ] Revise schedule database
  - [ ] Make schedule as Root (use partnerName as key)
- [ ] Checkout summary page
  - [ ] On register + countdown, set firebase to reserve spot
    - [ ] Field for viewing:TRUE and paid:TRUE
  - [ ] On dismount, remove record if no checkout
- [ ] Loading placeholder on activities for landing page
- [ ] Newsletter
  - [ ] Get notified if there's new activities
- [ ] React-responsive-carousel bug on iOS

## Done

> 3/10/2021

- [x] ActivityPage optimization--> Schedule and OtherActivities pulled on client-side API to reduce SSR compilation
- [x] Use Lined Header for Subheaders
- [x] Update brand colorScheme
- [x] ActivityPage
  - [x] Spacing between subsections for mobile need to be increased
  - [x] ScheduleModal for mobile align center
  - [x] Default to Host details else, use Org details
- [x] Activity Page url is now coming from env (updated in Vercel env as well)

> 1/10/2021

- [x] Adjust font-size calculation at theme
  - [x] Use px instead of default rem
  - [x] Replace all font size updates on mobile to "sm"
    - [x] Newsletter
    - [x] ActivityCard
    - [x] ScheduleModal
    - [x] ActivitiesBucket
    - [x] ActivityCarousel
    - [x] NoActivities
    - [x] Hero
    - [x] Footer
    - [x] Payment Summary
    - [x] TabsPanel
    - [x] CustomInput
    - [x] ParticipantInfo/PayeeInfo/OrderSummary/CheckoutForm
    - [x] ActivityPage items

> 30/9/2021

- [x] Get Activities based on Category
  - [x] SSR Data Fetch limit set to 8 for each category
  - [x] Fetching specific categories gets ALL RECORDS on client-side API

> 27/9/2021

- [x] Mobile
  - [x] Scroll to posY is different for Mobile
- [x] "All" tab shows carousel cards
- [x] Specific category tab shows Grid cards
- [x] "View all" toggles the tab panel

> 26/9/2021

- [x] Tab bar for category
- [x] Show placeholder cards on page load if no data loaded yet
- [x] Mobile issues on iOS
  - [x] Payment
    - [x] loading icon bug
    - [x] Success page mobile

> 25/9/2021

- [x] Mobile responsive
  - [x] Activity page
  - [x] Landing page
    - [x] Separation between sections
    - [x] Hero
    - [x] Schedule modal
    - [x] Activity card mobile version
    - [x] Navbar bug
    - [x] Navbar menu issue
    - [x] Footer mobile grid issue

> 21/9/2021

- [x] Remove price from Activity Card
- [x] Redirect to google search for locationMaps click
- [x] Limit schedule read to 5 on load. Show all if "see all" is selected
- [x] Show orgName in Activity Card instead of partnerId

> 6/9/2021

- [x] Checkout summary page UI
  - [x] Summary of activity and price
  - [x] Can adjust quantity
  - [x] Contact information (name, email, contact)
  - [x] Participant info for each attendant
  - [x] Add timing once proceed to register
  - [x] Link to payment page
  - [x] Redirect back to page after payment
  - [x] Added 2% service fee
  - [x] Ticket information for all participants
  - [x] Convert to form
- [x] Payment success page
  - [x] Add Participant info into receipt

> 1/9/2021

- [x] Landing page (index.js)
  - [x] Featured
    - [x] FeaturedObject
    - [x] Add button to direct to activity
  - [x] Cards
    - [x] Show if online activity
    - [x] Randomize cards order
  - [x] Review Hero design
  - [x] Location bar
  - [x] Navbar
  - [x] Community activities
  - [x] Branding
  - [x] Integrate stripe system
    - [x] Success page
      - [x] Add selected schedule date into metadata
      - [x] Pull information from Metadata
    - [x] Pull pricing from database in api instead of from client side
      - [x] Use activityId
      - [x] Get price from activityId at index.js/checkout_sessions

> 13/8/2021

- [x] Activity Page
  - [x] Payment notes
  - [x] Fix Vertical card size (380px)
  - [x] Order schedule by date
  - [x] Show only upcoming 3 schedules (add "see all" to expand list)
  - [x] Show only Published activities (isActive)
  - [x] Send "I'm interested" to Partner Database
- [x] Updated NextJS to V11
  - [x] Update Next Image (removed placeholder="blur")
  - [x] Updated next.config.js to allow png

> Previous

- [x] Activity Page
  - [x] Connect to firebase
  - [x] Merge Database structure in getServerSideProps
  - [x] Booking link override platform booking system
  - [x] Link DB to components
    - [x] Page Header
    - [x] Images
    - [x] RTE
    - [x] Remove Participants
    - [x] Other activities from partner
    - [x] Tag whether it is online or inperson
  - [x] Separate to components
  - [x] "I'm Interested" popup
  - [x] Add share url (with react-share)
  - [x] About Trainer/Host

Commit message:

fixed issue with AboutActivity paragraph spacing

README.md, after:

## Packages used in this template

- nextJS (v11)
- styled-components-babelrc
- firebase
- draft-js (For rich text editor)
- draft-convert (For rich text editor
- express
- chakra UI
- momentJS
- react-device-detect
- react-day-picker
- react-icons
- react-share
- react-select
- swiper (carousel)
- react-responsive-carousel
- next-images
- next-SEO
- Google Analytics at \_document.js
- file-loader url-loader --> To handle mp3 files
- next-compose-plugins --> for multiple plugins in next.config.js

## To maintain styling of useStyles during page refresh

- Need styled-components-babelrc
- add \_document.js into Pages

## Changes to Template

- Reduce margin between sections
- Upgrade to NextJS v11
- Updated next.config.js
- Added npm i react-input-autosize
- Added npm i react-to-print
- Added stripeJS
- ADded npm i --save @iconscout/react-unicons

## PENDING

- [ ] Optimization
  - [ ] Save activities in LocalStorage with Timestamp
    - [ ] Check if timestamp is within 24 hours. If >24 hours, get new data
  - [ ] Use Next/Image to load SVGs
  - [ ] Use AspectRatio to optimize picture sizing
- [ ] ActivityCard
  - [ ] Simplify based on Meetup cards for mobile
  - [ ] Show tags
- [ ] Recent activity images
- [ ] Nice to have
  - [ ] Reviews
  - [ ] Request date and private class
  - [ ] Get users interested topics
    - [ ] Reconsider usage of react-select (multi select is important)
- [ ] Signup
  - [ ] Signup is disabled at InterestForm
- [ ] Reviews

## TO DO

- [ ] Revise schedule database
  - [ ] Make schedule as Root (use partnerName as key)
- [ ] Checkout summary page
  - [ ] On register + countdown, set firebase to reserve spot
    - [ ] Field for viewing:TRUE and paid:TRUE
  - [ ] On dismount, remove record if no checkout
- [ ] Loading placeholder on activities for landing page
- [ ] Newsletter
  - [ ] Get notified if there's new activities
- [ ] React-responsive-carousel bug on iOS

## Done

> 5/10/2021

- [x] AboutActivity text editor paragraph spacing issue solved (needed to add margin on <p>)

> 3/10/2021

- [x] ActivityPage optimization--> Schedule and OtherActivities pulled on client-side API to reduce SSR compilation
- [x] Use Lined Header for Subheaders
- [x] Update brand colorScheme
- [x] ActivityPage
  - [x] Spacing between subsections for mobile need to be increased
  - [x] ScheduleModal for mobile align center
  - [x] Default to Host details else, use Org details
- [x] Activity Page url is now coming from env (updated in Vercel env as well)

> 1/10/2021

- [x] Adjust font-size calculation at theme
  - [x] Use px instead of default rem
  - [x] Replace all font size updates on mobile to "sm"
    - [x] Newsletter
    - [x] ActivityCard
    - [x] ScheduleModal
    - [x] ActivitiesBucket
    - [x] ActivityCarousel
    - [x] NoActivities
    - [x] Hero
    - [x] Footer
    - [x] Payment Summary
    - [x] TabsPanel
    - [x] CustomInput
    - [x] ParticipantInfo/PayeeInfo/OrderSummary/CheckoutForm
    - [x] ActivityPage items

> 30/9/2021

- [x] Get Activities based on Category
  - [x] SSR Data Fetch limit set to 8 for each category
  - [x] Fetching specific categories gets ALL RECORDS on client-side API

> 27/9/2021

- [x] Mobile
  - [x] Scroll to posY is different for Mobile
- [x] "All" tab shows carousel cards
- [x] Specific category tab shows Grid cards
- [x] "View all" toggles the tab panel

> 26/9/2021

- [x] Tab bar for category
- [x] Show placeholder cards on page load if no data loaded yet
- [x] Mobile issues on iOS
  - [x] Payment
    - [x] loading icon bug
    - [x] Success page mobile

> 25/9/2021

- [x] Mobile responsive
  - [x] Activity page
  - [x] Landing page
    - [x] Separation between sections
    - [x] Hero
    - [x] Schedule modal
    - [x] Activity card mobile version
    - [x] Navbar bug
    - [x] Navbar menu issue
    - [x] Footer mobile grid issue

> 21/9/2021

- [x] Remove price from Activity Card
- [x] Redirect to google search for locationMaps click
- [x] Limit schedule read to 5 on load. Show all if "see all" is selected
- [x] Show orgName in Activity Card instead of partnerId

> 6/9/2021

- [x] Checkout summary page UI
  - [x] Summary of activity and price
  - [x] Can adjust quantity
  - [x] Contact information (name, email, contact)
  - [x] Participant info for each attendant
  - [x] Add timing once proceed to register
  - [x] Link to payment page
  - [x] Redirect back to page after payment
  - [x] Added 2% service fee
  - [x] Ticket information for all participants
  - [x] Convert to form
- [x] Payment success page
  - [x] Add Participant info into receipt

> 1/9/2021

- [x] Landing page (index.js)
  - [x] Featured
    - [x] FeaturedObject
    - [x] Add button to direct to activity
  - [x] Cards
    - [x] Show if online activity
    - [x] Randomize cards order
  - [x] Review Hero design
  - [x] Location bar
  - [x] Navbar
  - [x] Community activities
  - [x] Branding
  - [x] Integrate stripe system
    - [x] Success page
      - [x] Add selected schedule date into metadata
      - [x] Pull information from Metadata
    - [x] Pull pricing from database in api instead of from client side
      - [x] Use activityId
      - [x] Get price from activityId at index.js/checkout_sessions

> 13/8/2021

- [x] Activity Page
  - [x] Payment notes
  - [x] Fix Vertical card size (380px)
  - [x] Order schedule by date
  - [x] Show only upcoming 3 schedules (add "see all" to expand list)
  - [x] Show only Published activities (isActive)
  - [x] Send "I'm interested" to Partner Database
- [x] Updated NextJS to V11
  - [x] Update Next Image (removed placeholder="blur")
  - [x] Updated next.config.js to allow png

> Previous

- [x] Activity Page
  - [x] Connect to firebase
  - [x] Merge Database structure in getServerSideProps
  - [x] Booking link override platform booking system
  - [x] Link DB to components
    - [x] Page Header
    - [x] Images
    - [x] RTE
    - [x] Remove Participants
    - [x] Other activities from partner
    - [x] Tag whether it is online or inperson
  - [x] Separate to components
  - [x] "I'm Interested" popup
  - [x] Add share url (with react-share)
  - [x] About Trainer/Host
